what's up guys Mick emotions here and
this is formula 1 2014 game news once
again for you guys bringing you the
truth as always I need his name for this
series so if you guys have an idea
something other than four months of 14
forum or four months of the 14 game news
or game discussion where I've actually
didn't unique name so if you do have a
name good name you can think of just um
in the comments by the way the gameplay
in the screen right now is one of the
best f1 games in my opinion and it is f1
challenge such a classic game and has
amazing features which I think needs to
be put in formula 1 2014 but that's not
for this video in this video I want to
be talking about the sales now I've done
a bit of research for this video I've
gone and looked at the sales charts for
each f1 game that has been made by
codemasters and I've gone into detail
looking at how it's sold in each console
and how much it's sold in the first few
weeks and in the first year and the
second year and so yeah you're going to
see that information on the screen as I
talk now if we go have a look at the
xbox sales you can see that the most
sold f1 game is f1 2010 then SF 1 2011
f1 2012 and f1 2013 so instead of
progressing over the years it's actually
gone worse every with every single f1
game and if you compare the cells from
f1 2010 and f1 2013 I'd say that you
know the sales have dropped by what
almost for 400,000 now that is quite
shocking now some people will say in the
comments oh you might have made that up
if you go look at VG charts calm this is
the sources where I've got all this
information from and you look at every
single f1 game and look at the cells on
each of the consoles you'll see the same
figures you're seeing right now on the
screen I'll explain why i think the
cells have dropped like this but first
of all i'm going to show you the piece
free sales as well so you guys can see
what's been going on there so you can
see with f1 2010
last 10 weeks of seven hundred and
sixty-two thousand sales and with f1
2013 it was only 290,000 now also have
to mention that codemasters did have an
issue selling from 2013 in america for
some reason they had other if it had a
licensing issue or something but all i
know is that they had to delay the game
for a few months and they ended up
actually only releasing the game as a
digital purchase so that affected them
quite heaven but i would have really
made much of a difference probably 100
files and sales extra would have given
them probably that that and that's a
maximum there's a maximum amount if we
have a look from september-october and
we compare their phone games you can see
from from f1 25 tnf from 2012 you can
see that f1 2013 is actually hard in
sales compared to f1 2012 now here's
something that completely broke my head
this Montoyo would say the cells from f1
2013 was one almost one-third of the
cells from f1 2010 you know the day is
quite a major difference there well so
if you notice with f1 2012 it says 611
files and sales from september-october
now codemasters obviously saw this and
they compared estare from 2011 they
compared it to f1 2010 and you know they
knew that they had a pattern emerging
here so they near the f1 2013 was gonna
have less cells so they decided hey why
not have classic edition so we can make
more money out of this so we don't lose
any money and this pattern that I'm
talking about is shown on the Xbox graph
and the ps3 graph that I've made here
you can see that the pattern is very
similar it's almost the same so this
proves that on both consoles after f1
2010 every new f1 game sold less than
the year before now there are three
major reasons why this has happened
first of all people do get bored of the
game is basically the same game every
single year and the rose and the cars
are pretty much stayed the same
throughout the years another major
reason is that codemasters never seem to
fix the issues that I hit that are in
the game so people end up giving up and
not buying an f1 game
ever again and the third reason well
actually this reason actually ties into
the first point that I made and that is
the fact that most people are probably
going to wait until when the game is
going to come out on the next gen since
the game is pretty much the same every
single year most people realize that you
know F 1 2015 was going to be the same
so therefore hey why not wait until f 1
2014 and it's true you know because you
might as well put 40 pound down the
drain you know if you're not how to of
the game if you're not happy with the
way it plays why wasting money on it and
like I said in the last video this is
why it's so crucial for codemasters to
get this next game right and you know
codemasters themselves they may deny
this but they know for a fact that the
cells have dropped every single year you
know you can go show this to them and
they don't agree with you because they
know these these figures are real
they're not they're not fake or anything
they're from VG charts calm I expect f 1
2014 to do just as good as f1 2011 I
don't figure we'll do better than that
for 2010 but will do as I think just
about as good as FN 2011 and I tell you
why it's simply because of these new
rules these new changes and the fact
that they will probably make this game
for the next gen however they will make
this game for the next gen but I
guarantee you will be a last gen ported
version you know this they will make
this game for the last gen and put it
over to the next gen consoles because
why not I mean everyone is on the last
gen still some people still can't afford
to go into the next gen so that's
probably the reason why they're going to
do that so that means that you know the
game isn't going to be as amazing as it
should be i expect f 1 2015 to be the
better game due to the fact that's going
to be too hard for codemasters to make
the physics and the sounds exactly like
how it is in f1 2014 in real life of
these new rules and the second attempt
with these new rules and changes are
going to obviously going to be much
better for codemasters they should have
sorted out all the problems from f1 2014
and also will be on the next gen so they
get to add a lot more stuff so we should
see the absolute perfect game in f1 2015
if we don't then it's over for
codemasters but
f on 2014 is definitely it should be the
game where they fix the issues but you
know we won't know are we going to have
to see I personally think it's going to
be problems here and there but I think
they're going to bring back the career
mode somehow like that 2010 style career
mode Navy I don't know we're gonna have
to wait and see you guys tell me your
thoughts in the comments that was pretty
much it for this video I've got a lot of
content coming up for you it's going to
be daily of course I'm going to make
sure I stick to my schedule and if you
want to keep up to date with the
schedule you can always do that by
checking the description the schedule is
there and also i just want to remind you
that the videos will be uploaded between
six and nine p.m. UK time and also for
the old school sunday fans i'll be doing
an f1 challenge career mode every single
Sunday so I hope you guys enjoy that but
for now this is Mickey motions I'm out
see
you